Documentation meta-descriptions review N° 4 (#5558)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/active-response/index.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Active responses execute a script in response to specific alerts. It's based on the alert level or rule group. Learn more about it here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Active response executes scripts in response to specific alerts. It's based on the alert level or rule group. Learn more about it here.
```
